This mini project is a web application that enables users to create and manage movie reviews using a tech stack of ReactJS, Spring Boot, and MongoDB. The application features key functionalities, including a user-friendly interface for submitting reviews, viewing a complete list of movies, and retrieving detailed information about films using their IMDb IDs. Users can securely register and log in, allowing them to contribute ratings and comments on their favorite movies. The application employs a RESTful API for seamless communication between the frontend and backend, facilitating efficient data management. With a focus on enhancing user experience and showcasing modern web development practices, this project serves as a valuable platform for movie enthusiasts to engage with and share their insights on films.

NPM Packages and Installation Commands
react-material-ui-carousel

Command: npm i react-material-ui-carousel
Description: Carousel component for React, providing smooth transitions and Material-UI styling.
@mui/material, @emotion/react, @emotion/styled

Command: npm i @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled
Description: Core libraries from MUI for pre-built components and powerful styling using Emotion.
react-router-dom

Command: npm i react-router-dom
Description: Library for routing in React, enabling smooth navigation between components and pages.
react-player

Command: npm i react-player
Description: Media player component for embedding and playing videos or audio clips.
@fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons

Command: npm i @fortawesome/free-solid-svg-icons
Description: Collection of solid icons from Font Awesome for enhancing UI design.
@fortawesome/react-fontawesome

Command: npm i @fortawesome/react-fontawesome
Description: React wrapper for Font Awesome, simplifying the integration of icons.
react-bootstrap

Command: npm i react-bootstrap
Description: Provides Bootstrap components as React components for responsive design.
bootstrap

Command: npm install bootstrap
Description: The foundational Bootstrap framework, offering responsive layouts and UI components.
axios

Command: npm install axios
Description: Promise-based HTTP client for making API requests and handling data fetching.
concurrently

Command: npm install concurrently --save-dev
Description: Tool for running multiple commands simultaneously, enhancing development efficiency.
Brief Overview of Packages
These packages enhance the Movie Review Web Application by providing essential UI components, seamless navigation, media playback, and efficient API communication, creating a responsive and engaging user experience. They collectively streamline development and ensure a modern, interactive design.
